Replace esy with opam (#12)
ahrefs/melange-react-intl-ppx: README.md

# melange-react-intl-ppx

> These are the [Melange](https://melange.re/) bindings for [react-intl](https://github.com/formatjs/formatjs/tree/main/packages/react-intl).

Reviewer: Aren't the bindings here? https://github.com/cca-io/rescript-react-intl.

```suggestion
This is a [Melange](https://melange.re/) [preprocessor](https://ocaml.org/docs/metaprogramming) that eases the creation of messages when using [rescript-react-intl](https://github.com/cca-io/rescript-react-intl).
```

Reviewer: Should the bindings and the ppx leave under the same repo, and probably the same package? cc @ixzzd

Author: Good catch. Fixed README:
https://github.com/ahrefs/bs-react-intl-ppx/blob/9e7418251f817c0a44d47820f923285702de54dd/README.md?plain=1#L3

## Installation
Install [opam](https://opam.ocaml.org/) package manager.
Then:

```shell

> opam pin add melange-react-intl-ppx.dev git+https://github.com/ahrefs/bs-react-intl-ppx.git#eb36bab7565552fffcc59917913220f52c643db8

Author: ```suggestion
opam pin add melange-react-intl-ppx.dev git+https://github.com/ahrefs/melange-react-intl-ppx.git#master
```
Should update this line after PR is merged and repo is renamed

Author: https://github.com/ahrefs/bs-react-intl-ppx/blob/9e7418251f817c0a44d47820f923285702de54dd/README.md?plain=1#L10

Updated in advance.

```

> Then `react-intl` npm package should also be installed:

Reviewer: I don't think the ppx needs any npm packages to work.

Author: Good point. Removed this line: https://github.com/ahrefs/bs-react-intl-ppx/pull/12/commits/9e7418251f817c0a44d47820f923285702de54dd
